conviction (n)
1: an unshakable belief in something without need for proof or evidence
2: (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty in a criminal case and the punishment that is imposed
1 As we stroll along this newly dedicated road, let us all take a moment to remember Senator Miriam's bravery and conviction.
1 We stand firm in our conviction that might does not make right.
1 Barron said the conviction reflected his office's commitment to " uphold the rule of law, keep our country safe, protect the civil rights of all Americans, and safeguard public property.
1 As a result, there is a conviction in the army that they must demonstrate to the entire neighborhood.
1 I am running on the conviction that Igbo people deserve the best, things can be different and that is why I'm doing what I'm doing.
1 Step into the world of Men of Platinum, where every statement piece tells a tale of character and conviction.
1 There is not a lot of conviction in this morning's trade.
1 Never would this decision be made if there wasn't full conviction that Phil is the right person and is the right person now.
1 It is our conviction that the internal affairs of a political party do not have anything to do with winning elections.
1 The problem, of course, is that in addition to being weak and lacking any conviction, Hipkins now gets to add " deceitful " to his list of vices.
1 We also have increasing conviction that Prime Video can be a large and profitable business in its own right as we continue to invest in compelling exclusive content for Prime members
1 While the recent 5.6-magnitude earthquake physically and emotionally shocked Jamaicans to the core, it precipitated the rise of an age-old religious conviction that natural disasters are God's way of punishing wicked people.
1 With my mental and psychological conviction, I knew that Fajuyi was well-loved by his men, I was convinced that any soldier under him would fight for him, they would not want to do him harm, I had that belief that nothing was wrong.
1 Prophecy may also bring conviction of sin to unbelievers who happen to be visiting the gathering of Gods people, as " the secrets of their hearts are laid bare.
1 I belong to that generation of American architects who built upon the pioneering perceptions of the modern movement, with an unwavering conviction in its significant achievements in the fields of art, technology and design.
1 Yet his dream and conviction was so strong that he just kept working away at a thankless endeavour, never letting what other people said break his spirits.
1 The Cold War and a growing conviction that vital interests, even national survival, demanded the " containment " of the Soviet Union helped turn an informal empire begun during World War II into hundreds of installations around the world for the largest military we ever maintained in peacetime.
1 It's going the take plenty of hard work, but the passion and the conviction is certainly there.
1 Discover the three key tools for systematically attacking your limitations in order to grow: conviction, customization, and clarity.
1 A bit of mental conviction, however, goes a long way, and I was able to motivate myself into completing the essays, study notes and maths exercises that I needed to be on top of.
1 But central to the Christian doctrine of creation is the conviction that creation is the freely-willed act of God, that God, had He wished, could have remained alone without any exigency of producing a world of creatures.
1 The distorted drawing and crude modelling is the result of artistic conviction, rather than inability to draw or chisel.
1 And Britain's checkbook journalism has inspired in the heart of many a felon the conviction that crime does pay.
1 The true conviction and deep understanding of this fellow Tennessean are firmly expressed in his book, Go South to Sorrow.
1 We at TIME have always sided with the former school, and President Aquino, who has been on our cover four times, is a prime example of that conviction.
2 Dr. Benigno " Iggy " Agbayani Jr. died of a heart attack at the Manila City Jail, where he had been incarcerated since May 25 this year after the Supreme Court affirmed his conviction for reckless imprudence resulting in physical injuries to a patient, lawyer, Saul Hofile Jr.
2 The dioceses will have to pay huge compensation payments to the victims ordered by the court if there is a conviction.
2 With a felony conviction, Scott was prohibited from voting by a Virginia law that's the most draconian in the nation.
2 On Thursday, after the judge vacated Solorio's conviction, the district attorney's office apologized to Solorio and his wife.
2 He was awarded for his dedicated investigative work that led to the arrest and subsequent conviction of serial killers,
2 The abuse against Mr Kneale was the subject of a criminal investigation by Victoria Police and relevant authorities in the early 1990s, resulting in several charges being laid, a criminal conviction being sustained, and a subsequent jail sentence being served by the offender.
2 While we do not glory in any conviction, we recognise the importance of holding to account those who would commit such terrible atrocities.
2 According to local media, the Panamanian-born US citizen has a previous conviction for illegal possession of a firearm.
2 In Canada, a conviction for the crime of " disturbing the peace " carries a maximum penalty of up to 6 months in jail or a $5,000 fine, or both, and a criminal record.
2 But her suspension was extended after a tribunal hearing was told she had a recent conviction for police assault, for which she was admonished by a sheriff.
2 The Grammy-award winning musician awaits sentencing following his April conviction on 10 counts including money laundering, illegal lobbying, witness tampering and campaign finance violations.
2 This conviction, for which there is nothing to support and the absence of any access to a lawyer, is unacceptable.
2 There is also generally no requirement to disclose a spent conviction.
2 A record of a conviction, or a refusal by a surety company to issue or continue a bond on your behalf, does not necessarily mean that you can not be hired.
2 She appealed the conviction on the grounds of mitigating circumstances.
2 She declared her prior conviction for stealing two bottles of alcohol when she was 15 years old.
2 We thought that any driver would know their insurer would consider the conviction and disqualification highly significant and would realise they had to disclose this when renewing their insurance.
2 Interesting trial, just wondering if anyone knows the family and what the opinions are regarding Marks conviction.
2 Soon after Effie's conviction, Jeanie decides very prayerfully to risk her own life by a dangerous meeting alone with a criminal, in an attempt to assist Effie.
2 A second amendment to limit conviction to those people who " knowingly " sold drink to youngsters was carried.
2 His problem, then, is whether to go through with the case or by dropping it virtually insure her conviction by his very act.
2 Lack of good business judgment can not be considered a basis for conviction.
2 The mask of England's sharpest wit and most industrious idler fell away in Reading Gaol, after the decade's most scandalous trial had resulted in his conviction for pederasty.
2 Webb's original testimony was critical to Dotson's conviction.
2 The Civil Rights Division's most recent triumph was the conviction last month of four men in federal court in Tampa, Fla, for conspiracy to hold.